# Why is make_serde not merged into make_accessors?

It's for us to be able to customize the serde serialization like a paranoid person--especially if this becomes a user-visible config file, that means, eventually we have to be backward-compatible with old config files etc.

That way, if needed, one could use one's own impl (in one-off cases) instead of using make_serde.
And still use make_accessors (but possibly not use the Serde struct it generated).

In an eventual future where this is not necessary, we could totally include it in make_accessors--but then, we have to be happy with what we get.

In an ideal world, we could do

    make_serde!
    make_accessors!
    struct Foo {
       a: U32 : pub get Quoox
    }

but Rust macro evaluation is not eager--so implementing that would suck (not be modular properly).

For now, I only make sure to keep the make_serde implementation good enough that it will nag us when we forget a field.

# Why is make_accessors generating the Serde struct and then not using it?

The `struct Serde`* is basically generated by `make_accessors` as a take-it-or-leave-it thing that isn't referenced by anything. But `make_serde` could do that instead. But the implementation complexity of the latter so far is not worth it.

# Why isn't make_accessors doing everything?

Then, even if you just want to rename a field (`type_` <- `type` in the JSON compared to the Rust struct for example, that won't work if the Serde struct is generated from `make_accessors` (as it currently is).

Adding all those things to make_accessors would make a new DSL that basically provides serde attributes in a different way, too

Or it would bleed serde attributes through to one of the two structs and not to the other of the two structs.

All in all that was not worth it for 8 usage sites of `make_serde` TOTAL.
